tidb-in-kubernetes: refine TiDB in K8s docs (#1453)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/deploy/access-tidb.md

If there is no LoadBalancer, expose the TiDB service port in the following two modes of NodePort:

- `externalTrafficPolicy=Cluster`: All machines in the Kubernetes cluster assign a NodePort to TiDB Pod, which is the default mode.

>     When using the `Cluster` mode, you can access the TiDB service by using the IP address of any machine and the same port. If there is no TiDB Pod on the machine, the corresponding request is forwarded to the machine with a TiDB Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using the `Cluster` mode, you can access the TiDB service by using the IP address of any machine with the same port. If there is no TiDB Pod on the machine, the corresponding request is forwarded to the machine with a TiDB Pod.
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > In this mode, the request source IP obtained by the TiDB service is the host IP, not the real client source IP. Therefore, the access control based on the client source IP is not available in this mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > In this mode, the request's source IP obtained by the TiDB server is the node IP, not the real client's source IP. Therefore, the access control based on the client's source IP is not available in this mode.
```
